waessle%mpih-frankfurt.mpg.d400.de

Dear Dr. Wassle:

I am writing to ask your help with a book I am writing about vision
science.  The book is intended for advanced undergraduates and
beginning graduate students interested in vision.  The book will be
published by Sinauer Press, and I (very much) hope that it will be
done before the end of the year.

One of the chapters in the book reviews the retina.  Frequently in
writing about the retina and cortex, which are outside of my
expertise, I have posed questions to several colleagues, including
Movshon, Lennie and Dacey. In many cases that have suggested that I
also check with you; hence, this message.  I hope you don't mind my
imposing on you in this way.

First, let me ask you about your view concerning the representation of
the fovea in area V1 of the primate.  From your work and that of
Stan Schein and his colleagues, there is considerable evidence of a
proportional mapping from ganglion cell density to cortical area.  The
recent report by Azzopardi and Cowey (1993) in Nature raises some
questions about this relationship.  I have also heard criticisms of
their measurements.  Do you have a suggestion for me about how I
should handle this issue?

Second, I am planning on using a figure from Dennis Dacey's work in
which he follows your lead in plotting dendritic arbor size as a
function of retinal eccentricity for parasol and midget ganglion
cells.  (I will use his figure because it is the human retina.)  Kolb
argues that Dacey (and Rodieck) mix up "small parasol" and "midget."
Is she alone on this point?  Do others agree that such a
classification exists?  I haven't seen much reference to this class,
either in Polyak or the general literature.  Of course, my preference
is to ignore this issue, unless you think otherwise.

Third, I am looking for a nice figure illustrating the rod pathway
within the retina (rod -> rod bipolar -> AII amacrine ...)  I attended
your beautiful talk on this pathway at ARVO this year and noted that
you had a very nice slide illustrating the pathway.  Would you permit
me to use your drawing of this pathway?  Or, failing that, do you have
a suggestion of where I can get a similar drawing?

I will be very grateful for any help you can offer me on these points.
If I can ever return you a favor, please let me know.

Sincerely,

Brian Wandell
Professor of Psychology and Neuroscience
Stanford University
Stanford, CA 94305
(415) 725-2466
From waessle@mpih-frankfurt.mpg.d400.de Wed May 11 04:37:10 1994
X400-Received: by mta d400relay in /PRMD=dfnrelay/ADMD=d400/C=de/; Relayed;
               Wed, 11 May 1994 13:07:01 +0200
X400-Received: by /PRMD=mpg/ADMD=d400/C=de/; Relayed;
               Wed, 11 May 1994 13:55:33 +0200
Date: Wed, 11 May 1994 13:55:33 +0200
X400-Originator: waessle@mpih-frankfurt.mpg.d400.de
X400-Recipients: non-disclosure:;
X400-Mts-Identifier: [/PRMD=mpg/ADMD=d400/C=de/;940511125533]
X400-Content-Type: P2-1984 (2)
Content-Identifier: 119
Conversion: Prohibited
Alternate-Recipient: Allowed
From: Heinz Waessle <waessle@mpih-frankfurt.mpg.d400.de>
To: " (Brian Wandell)" <brian@gold.Stanford.edu> (Receipt Notification 
    Requested) (Non Receipt Notification Requested)
Subject: Help with a book.
Content-Length: 1809
X-Lines: 28
Status: RO

Dear Dr. Wandell,
let me thank you very much for your computer message, which raised
three questions.
1. Cortical magnification factor(CMF): This is clearly a matter of
debate and not yet finally solved. My position, which I expressed in
the Nature and Vision Research paper is the following: Estimates of CMF from 
cortical experiments (f.i. van Essen compared to Tootell) show 
greater differences than the differences between retinal ganglion cell
density gradient and CMF. Hence, I suggested there is no need to postulate
additional magnification in the cortex. However, I never measured CMF myself. Recently Azzopardi and Cowey suggested in this Nature paper the existence 
of additional magnification. However, previous estimates of foveal magnification by a factor of x100 are now down to a factor of x3 and x6. However,
there is recent evidence that P cells (midget ganglion cells) might have
an even steeper density increase towards the fovea than the total
ganglion cell count reflects. I summary, the issue is not yet settled, 
however, if there is additional magnification in the geniculate and cortex
it is an order of magnitude smaller than previous estimates.
2. The issue of small parasol and midget: I am sure, Dennis Dacey
is correct in his description of midget and parasol dendritic fields.
Helga Kolb's separation of small parasol and midget is not real, she likes
to split up things. Dennis used the method of intracellular injections,
Helga's data are based on Golgi stainings. Intracellular injection
is for many reasons the far superior method.
3. The rod pathway: I will send you by separate mail a copy of my figure
illustrating the rod pathway. Please use it in whatever form you like
it.
Best regards and thanks for your comments on my recent talk at ARVO
Sincerely
Heinz Waessle

