1.  Get Rockland and other references from Felleman vanEssen article.
+  Cytoarchetectonics definition is incorrect.  Fix.
+  Should there be a figure in the brain mechanisms part?
    Yes, make a figure in subtraction methodology part that has
    x-axis = neural activity, y-axis = blood flow, and show
    how the subtractive methodology can confuse large and
    small changes in brain activity.  Cite Merigan piece on this.
    Also, make his point that monkey and human cortex are not
    necessarily the same a little more strongly in my chapter.


-----
1.  Improve the exercises.

   Newsome comments:
   1.  Add in Hubel and Wiesel deprivation studies to relate
stereo with binocular neurons via the monocular deprivation studies.
This will strengthen the binocular section.
   2.  Fix idea about the feedback projections -- they do not go back
to layer IV.
   3.  Use MT or V5?
   4.  Make comment in figure legend concerning the direction of the
arrows in the lund/anatomy figure.
   5.  Clean the normalization one last time, 'cause Bill didn't get it.
   6.  Misc other comments on the text.

---
11. Send a copy to Movshon and Newsome
10. Fix the fMRI signal/retinotopy figure
9.  Print out the Horton/Hubel figure

----

11. Make a calcarine figure
9.  Fix captions
8.  Improve the figures
-----------------

7.  Introduce fMRI...delete microstimulation?  Explain PET/fMRI?
6.  Better introduction (Marimont)
5.  Rewrite the whole bloody thing.
4.  Reorder sections (Movshon)
3.  Think about binocular description.  Is it enough?
2.  Redo the model of orientation based on 9, not 3, neurons.
1.  Temporal-Parietal pathways revealed as separate via staining.

-1. Check the captions.

In Homework
1.  How man interconnections within the cortex?
2.  Cortical Development?
    Use the questions to introduce the 
	cortical development work by Hubel and Wiesel

Done--------------------------
0.  Fix the Brindley and Lewin figure
7.  Check the figures around building.rf.ps and orienation.ps....
6.  Several figures in contrast norm section need to be done
2.  Scan in the Central Pathway picture or draw it.
1.  Write the Movshon, Thompson, Tolhurst section
4.  Put in the Parietal/Temporal distinction (Ungerleider and Mishkin, 1982)
	claims somewhere in this damn book.
3.  Write the contrast normalization section
6.  Say something about eye of origin experiments.
1.  Reorder the Rushton/Zeki sections at the end so they make sense.

Number of lgn neurons/interconnections
Number of cortical neurons
